--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ZPT Sharp, an implementation of Zope Page Templates in C#,
as a .NET MVC v2 ViewEngine
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Firstly - THIS SOFTWARE IS DISTRIBUTED FREE OF CHARGE WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF
ANY SORT.  Please see the attached license document (LICENCE).  The current
state of this project is a 'tentative alpha 1' release.  That means that it might
not work, that it might destroy your data, ruin your country's economy and kick
your neighbours puppy.  Certainly don't use this for anything mission-critical!

Secondly, a quick nod to https://github.com/lck/SharpTAL - it seems that the
two of us developed our implementations in parallel and I only found out about
SharpTAL once I had nearly finished my own.  SharpTAL was made public first.

As of 23rd August 2011, API documentation (auto-generated from the source files
as well as C# documentation comments, using doxygen) is available at:
http://craigfowler.github.com/ZPT-Sharp
The auto-generated docs will not remain as the root of the github pages site
however, so avoid deep-linking into it for now.  At some point there needs to
be a more thorough effort made to document ZPT-Sharp, what it does and how to
get started with it.

For now, assuming you know how to use the ASP.NET MVC v2, compile the Parser
project and then take a look at the SampleMvcSite project for how to integrate
ZPT into your MVC project as a custom ViewEngine.

As the first paragraph notes, this is very new software and it hasn't yet been
used 'in the wild'.  It could be riddled with bugs and security issues.  That
said, I would love if some hobbyists and/or those with non-mission-critical
projects would use this, to give some testing in small-scale production
environments.  I'm certainly planning on switching my personal website over
to using it.

Enjoy!